So now that I think about it a little bit more, I probably shouldn't
have named this project _tol_.  I mean, it all centered around my desire
to modularize things starting with the _Sephiroth_ structure that I had
used for a centerpiece, but back when I first started this, I had
actually started the modularizing of everything at points other than
this.

The whole project encompasses much more than just the _Tree of Life_
structure, and I've been modularizing all of it in bits and pieces...
Right now I'm finally working on the _Sephiroth_, bit by bit, and
breaking it down into the actual named _Sephira_, pathways, and levels,
including proper qualities and descriptions of them in the comments.
This project is not supposed to stop at simply being a raytracing; it is
to be used to help understand sacred geometry and the philosophies
behind the _Tree of Life_ and other forms found in this **City of Life**
that I am working on, as well.

Just thought I'd drop that update in here.  ;)  Thanks for your
interest.

-=-=-=-=-
_Previous **README.md** contents follow_:

I first started working on the Qabbalistic Tree of Life (Sephiroth) in
POVRay rendering software several years ago.  It didn't take me too long
to complete (this was a three dimensional vision that I had on my own,
though I've seen different spatially oriented versions that hadn't
immediately occurred to me), but the code was nasty, and too many things
were hardcoded.  A second pass through it gave me something better to
work with, but in the needs of full modularization, scaling
requirements, and importability into full, animated, scenes, I need to
finish the job.  That's what this is.  Stay tuned for moar.

